tiup: document Prometheus external labels (#23358)
pingcap/docs: tiup/customized-montior-in-tiup-environment.md

After the preceding configuration is done, when you deploy, scale out, scale in, or reload a TiDB cluster, TiUP adds the content of the `additional_scrape_conf` field to the corresponding parameters of the Prometheus configuration file.

### Customize Prometheus external labels

> Starting in TiUP v1.17.0, you can configure Prometheus global `external_labels` in the topology file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from TiUP v1.17.0, you can configure Prometheus global `external_labels` in the topology file.
```

> 1. Open the topology.yaml file of the TiDB cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the `topology.yaml` file of the TiDB cluster.
```

2. In the `monitoring_servers` configuration, add the `external_labels` field.

>     The following is a configuration example of `monitoring_servers` in the topology.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following is a configuration example of `monitoring_servers` in the `topology.yaml` file:
```

    ```yaml
    monitoring_servers:
    - host: xxxxxxx
      external_labels:
        environment: production
        region: us-east-1
    ```

> 3. Do not configure the reserved labels `cluster` or `monitor`, and do not use label names that start with `__`. All label names must conform to the Prometheus label name rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Do not configure the reserved labels `cluster` or `monitor`, and do not use label names that start with `__`. All label names must conform to the Prometheus label naming rules.
```

> After the preceding configuration is done, when you deploy, scale out, scale in, or reload a TiDB cluster, TiUP renders the `external_labels` field into the Prometheus global `external_labels` configuration. If the topology file is opened by an older TiUP version that does not support this field, topology parsing fails instead of ignoring the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the preceding configuration, when you deploy, scale out, scale in, or reload a TiDB cluster, TiUP renders the `external_labels` field into the Prometheus global `external_labels` configuration.

If you use an earlier version of TiUP that does not support this field to open the topology file, TiUP fails to parse the topology instead of ignoring the field.
```
